As I said, the first thing that we're
gonna look into is pre-trained models.
So if you've never heard
what a pre-trained model is,
it's a model that's already trained and
tested and it's ready to be used.
So whoever built that model had
gathered the data and processed it and
labeled it and then trained the model,
picked the structure of the model
that they wanted to use.
And they tested it for good accuracy and
they're basically open sourcing it, or
if you're doing it inside a company,
they're just making it available for
people to use.
So as a user, all you need to do is
to give it a new input of data and
it will give you a prediction.
So it can be image recognition models,
it could be text classification models.
At the moment with the discussion
of large language models,
that's that, it's models trained
with a lot of text data.
And then when you ask it a question,
it's able to make a correlation between
everything that it's been trained with.
And you have also, yes,
sentiment analysis models,
where it's been given a lot of data with
maybe labels of joy and happy and sad.
So that would be more supervised learning.
And when you're writing something,
it's able to kinda make a correlation and
give you a label of what you wrote was
happy or sad and things like that.
So when you want to work
with pre-trained models,
there's different places
where you can find them.
One of them is Kaggle, and you can filter
out to only use Tensorflow GIS models,
but there's a lot of
other models available,
and some of them are available
to work with more like Python.
And some models would probably be
available with maybe a custom other
library, but you can filter out to only
get the TensorFlow.js ones, if you want.
And then, if I open the link, there is
actually, on GitHub, there is a specific
repositories for all the models that
you can use with TensorFlow.js.
And here, for example, pose detection,
which is one that I use,
but we can talk about that later.
You can have face detection that we're
going to use in one of the projects.
And you can have a look here and have
a bit of fun and try different models.
And then there's also hugging face,
which is a popular platform where
models are uploaded as well.
So you can have a look at what's there.
Some of them will be
Tensorflow.js compatible and
some of them you'll have to use another
tool, maybe you write some Python.
Once you feel a bit more comfortable
with machine learning in general,
then you can play around
with different libraries.
And in terms of choosing the right
model for you for what you wanna build,
there's a few questions
that I usually ask myself.
And the first one is,
what am I actually building?
If I build something that uses images,
then obviously,
I'm going to use a model that was trained
with images and not pieces of text.
But also, you have to think about
the quality of the training data.
And when I talk about quality as well,
it's if you want to build an application
where what you're recognizing is animals,
then you maybe don't want to look at
a machine learning model that was trained
with images of cars, for example.
Because it's not gonna be able to actually
predict an animal if it doesn't know what
an animal is.
And there's also the quantity
of the training data.
So the more data you have,
usually it's better, but
again, it's a mix of quantity and quality.
If you have a lot of data but it's either
poorly labeled or it's not at all what
you're actually trying to predict,
then it's not going to be helpful to you.
And then what I sometimes like to see is I
can have access to the list of classes and
labels that it was trained with.
So for some models that
are open sourced by Google,
you can have access to the list of classes
so you can see what it was trained with.
And then you can see if what you're trying
to predict is in this class as well.
And sometimes it's not available, so
sometimes you have to do extra research
and see if you have access to maybe
the research paper that was written and
then the open source,
the code out of that.
But sometimes they don't give you the link
to the classes that it was trained with.
So if you have access to that, it's great.
Otherwise, give it a try and
see what happens.